---
title: Legal
permalink: "/legal/"
layout: page
---

**Please read and review the Terms of Use below. If you do not agree with the terms below, you must discontinue your use of this website.**

By using blogspotter.co (herein "Blogspotter") you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern Blogspotter/Glitter Groupe Media Inc's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with these terms of use or any part of these terms of use, you must not use this website. The term 'Glitter Groupe Media', 'Glitter Groupe Media Inc', or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the blog and material on the blog. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the blog for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, editorial content, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited without the express consent from Glitter Groupe Media Inc. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). By submitting your email address to Blogspotter for any purpose or use, you are agreeing to have this email address subscribed to the Blogspotter mailing list. Occasionally, Blogspotter or a sponsor may underwrite a promotion or sweepstakes on the site. By using this website, you agree to allow Blogspotter to share your information with a sponsor. Blogspotter will indicate which company or sponsor is requesting the information. Blogspotter users who have received an invitation to participate in such a contest may opt to not be included and ask that the sponsor purge their personal information from their data base. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the State of New York.
